the laws of physics are simply a
description of what we do and
descriptions so it's not the laws of
physics that make atoms move around it
laws of physics are simply a description
of what they do and the thing about that
we see about the world is that there are
levels of description there are
descriptions at the atomic level and
descriptions at the molecular level and
the biological level and then there are
descriptions which and explanations at
the level of human thought and there's
no reason that to expect that just
because there's a low level description
there isn't also a high level
explanation in description and in the
book I I give some arguments both due to
me and due to people like Douglas
hofstetter that the
um high level description is sometimes
the only reasonable explanation of what
is happening